data-formats: Add example Python snippets for TSV handling (#239)
nextstrain/docs.nextstrain.org: src/reference/data-formats.rst

    | tsv-uniq -H -f strain \
    | csvtk fix-quotes --tabs > output.tsv

> If you are using custom Python scripts to handle TSV files, we recommend using the
> `csv module <https://docs.python.org/3/library/csv.html>`__ to read and write the files.

Reviewer: _*nit:*_ suggested re-phrasing:

```suggestion
If you are writing Python scripts that process TSV files, we recommend using the
`csv module <https://docs.python.org/3/library/csv.html>`__ for file I/O.
```

.. note::

  Be sure to follow `csv module's recommendation <https://docs.python.org/3/library/csv.html#id4>`__

>   to open files with the ``newline=''``.

Reviewer: _*nit:*_ either remove the `the` here, or add something like `argument` after `newline=''`; otherwise it reads oddly.
  
```suggestion
  to open files with ``newline=''``.
```

OR
  
```suggestion
  to open files with the ``newline=''`` argument.
```

Reading a TSV file:

.. code-block:: Python

  with open(input_file, 'r', newline='') as handle:
    reader = csv.reader(handle, delimiter='\t')
    for row in reader:
      ...

Writing a TSV file:

.. code-block:: Python

>   with open_file(output_file, 'w', newline='') as output_handle:

Reviewer 2: Consistently use `open` or `open_file`. I think `open` is better. If using `open_file`, an import statement should be added.

```suggestion
  with open(output_file, 'w', newline='') as output_handle:
```

Author: Ah, thanks for catching that! It was definitely a copy/paste error.
